oh you could call it Justin Bieber
Britney Spears make it cheap wrestling
do that do this for your figures well
maybe not
you
and I
Oh
I
mm I
boy
Oh
just sweet home eating and everything
haha
ah
I just dropping by on this friday the
30th really to run so let you know that
the Telecaster is sold no one is
prepared to rustle up or get together
the money for the Mary Kay's so that's
probably going to end up going for less
money than it ought to but that's all
right it's all you know grist to the
mill and it's for having me watch and
I'd be able to tell you exactly what the
time is but the crickets about start
date too and I'll show listen to that
enjoy myself doing that and I shall see
you soon bye now bye